chore: add orbstack hint for arm-based Macs (#52)
BoltzExchange/regtest: README.md

# Boltz Regtest

An environment for local development and testing, successor of [legend-regtest-enviroment](https://github.com/BoltzExchange/legend-regtest-enviroment).

## Prerequisites

> [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) or [Orbstack](https://orbstack.dev/) for arm-based Macs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) or [Orbstack](https://orbstack.dev/) for Apple Silicon based Macs.
```
